[narrator] Previously on Riverdale:
I can't go back to Riverdale.
[Jughead] Hiram will follow you, or us,
wherever we go.
Where is he?
-[Archie] What's the plan?
-We'll go see my mom.
[Betty] Seizures aren't contagious.
So, what?
[Alice] The Sisters protected me.
They protected Polly.
-They'll watch over you.
-[Jughead] They make drugs in the prison,
which the kids take when they play G&G.
It's connected, Archie.
[Betty] What kind of business does
Hiram Lodge have with Sister Woodhouse?
How are the Blossoms connected to it?
You've been a very bad girl, Betty.
You haven't been taking your candy.
Wonderful, wonderful work.
[Betty] My king, my savior.
[Jughead] It was a day like any other.
Everything seemed normal.
Students went to class.
The Vixens prepared
for the annual pep rally.
Couples had their stolen moments
in quiet classrooms.
Wanna take another hit?
Less talking.
More kissing.
[Jughead] But in Riverdale,
there's no such thing as normal,
as Cheryl Blossom was about to discover.
[Cheryl screaming]
Help! Help us! Somebody, help!
[Ethel] "Your group is stricken.
Infected with poison.
Compromised.
And now, you're all alone.
You hear the heavy scraping footsteps
of some horrific monstrosity."
Girls, time for your candy.
[coughing]
[sighs]
-This is definitely the place.
-You guys lost?
-Or you looking to pick up some merch?
-We're looking for Gladys Jones.
I'm family. We need a place to stay.
-Jughead?
-Jellybean?
Thought I smelled something rotten.
You heard him.
Open the damn gate.
[Jellybean chuckles]
[both chuckling]
You, mon petit amour,
are officially on bed rest.
I've brewed you a pot
of vintage narcissus tea.
And our family physician,
Dr. Caligari, is on call,
should you feel
another spell coming along.
I'm feeling much better, Cheryl.
But what if what happened to me
is contagious?
Oh, Tee-Tee.
Ship's fever couldn't keep me away.
My four-poster bed
is your four-poster bed.
Stay here for as long as you like.
Even...
permanently?
You mean like...
-move in with you?
-I'm cuckoo bananas for you, obvi.
Won't you move in?
As long...
as I'm the big spoon.
[chuckling]
[Hermione] You said
if I went along with this,
no one would get hurt,
especially Veronica.
You looked into my eyes and promised.
I believed you, Hiram.
-[Hiram] It's under control.
-[Hermione] No. I supported you.
You swore to me that this wouldn't happen.
[Hiram] It was a miscalculation.
Now, on strife comes opportunity.
And now the timing is perfect.
What is going on?
Why am I back here?
Veronica.
Thank God you are awake.
We brought you home
as soon as Weatherbee called us.
-You had a seizure, mija.
-What?
It's all this stress you've been under.
Getting dropped by Archie,
running two businesses.
Which is why we've decided
to send you to New York.
You'll finally get some rest.
-We'll get you in with the best doctors.
-Uh, I'm not leaving town.
Sheriff Minetta's body
turns up gangland style,
without his hands or head,
and you wanna ship me off to New York?
Why?
No answer?
Fascinating.
My parents are up to something, Reggie.
They're always up to something,
but they tried to banish me to New York,
which is a new one for them.
It's like they don't want me around
for whatever's coming next.
[doorbell jingles, then boys laughing]
Oh, my God.
Has everyone lost their minds?
Is jingle-jangle suddenly a thing again?
That was so last year.
I'm not sure it's the jingle.
Your dad's pulling it off the market,
and replacing it with some new candy.
-Fizzle Rocks.
-Dealt by the Ghoulies?
No, a new gang.
The Gargoyles.
[scoffs]
With ties, no doubt, to this godforsaken
G&G everyone's playing.
And what, pray tell, is my father's skin
in that particular game, I wonder?
Reggie?
I need you to do some sussing for me,
and find out what you can
about these Fizzle Rocks.
On it.
Last year I helped my parents spin
their criminal web,
and good people, like Archie, got hurt.
This year I'm gonna be a fly
in their ointment.
Whatever they're up to, I will stop them.
[Gladys] Jughead? Heh.
Hey, Mom.
Jug.
Oh...
You feel like a bag of tire irons.
Are you eating?
Ugh. You're not a vegetarian now, are you?
-You wound me, Mother.
-[laughs]
Oh. [chuckles]
I recognize that rooster top.
Archie Andrews?
[laughs]
Oh... Gosh, you sure grew up.
Oh... So...
You two finally got together, huh?
I always knew there was something
going on between you.
[both] Uh...
We're not together.
Just on the road together.
Yeah, like a bromance.
Sure.
You didn't come to Toledo for the weather.
What's going on?
Why didn't you call me,
tell me you were coming?
Last time I called,
you said I couldn't come.
Well, that was a different time.
Hey.
I got my GED now.
Hmm? I started this whole place up.
-I am a legit businesswoman now.
-Hey, Gladys.
Tail Pipe just came in with these.
Where do you want them?
Yeah, yeah, not right now, Lugnut.
Oh, hey, hold up.
Get the crew together, huh?
Tell them my son's come home.
His best pal, too.
Tonight we are going to feast.
-Whoa! Yeah.
-[Gladys chuckles]
[Alice] Betty, you look terrible.
Thank you, Mom.
Did you come here just to tell me that?
I thought you were staying at the Farm.
I am. But the school board reached out.
They're having an emergency meeting.
I wanna be there.
Meeting about what?
Apparently there was a mass seizure
at school.
Like the one that you had.
Whatever caused yours spread
to the Vixens.
All of them?
Including Veronica?
She's one of the fallen, yes.
Oh, my God.
Poor Vee.
I'm just glad that you were here, honey.
Safe with the Sisters.
[Betty]
We have a very special relationship.
He tells me secrets,
and gives me personal quests.
And people are scared of him,
because he's all-powerful,
but he's honestly super funny.
-Who's super funny?
-Oh, hey, Ethel.
I was just telling everyone about
how the Gargoyle King
and I have gotten really close.
Very funny, Betty.
It's true.
After I met him,
I couldn't get him out of my head,
you know?
He's amazing.
Yesterday, he said...
-Never mind.
-He said what?
Yesterday, he said...
I was his new favorite.
-[all gasping]
-That's-- That's not possible.
You're not worthy enough for him.
You're making all this up,
to make fun of me.
Of course not, Ethel.
But if you don't believe me,
you should go ask him yourself.
Or you and I can go talk
to the Gargoyle King together.
You do have the keys to his chamber.
What, Ethel?
Are you scared?
-What are you doing? Open the door.
-I can't, Ethel.
And I'm sorry,
but I need to fast-track my plans,
and you're my best shot
at converting someone.
You'll make him angry.
You're disrespecting him.
The Gargoyle King isn't real, Ethel.
He's a hallucination.
The candy the Sisters give us,
it's a drug.
-It's making you see things.
-Stop it.
Stop lying.
Once the drug wears off in a few hours,
you'll see, okay?
You'll see the truth.
[screaming]
Ethel.
I'm back.
Are you okay?
[sobbing] I don't understand.
It's just a statue.
But I saw him.
We all did.
Because we were high on Fizzle Rocks.
The Sisters feed us drugs
that make us susceptible
to visions that they suggest.
They let us play the game,
and then they use our delusions
of the Gargoyle King
to scare us into submission.
-It can't be.
-It is.
The Sisters are running some kind of scam,
with Hiram Lodge.
I think he's paying them
to test his drugs on the patients.
But I've seen him in real life.
In my hospital room.
The Gargoyle King, he--
-He's out there.
-I know.
I saw the Gargoyle King in town, too.
Or someone dressed up as him.
At any rate,
it doesn't change the fact that in here,
he's just a hunk of cement.
I can't believe it.
I need your help, Ethel.
Sister Woodhouse must know more about G&G
than she's letting on.
This game is literally killing people.
Think about Dilton and Ben.
If we know more,
then we can stop those things
from happening again.
We just need Sister Woodhouse to fess up,
before we can escape,
and shut this place down.
How are we going to escape?
First things first.
Sister Woodhouse.
[Weatherbee] Attention, students,
we are hereby closing the student lounge.
-Please, exit immediately.
-They cancel sports and extracurriculars.
Now they're shutting down the lounge.
What is going on?
As student body president, please,
tell me you've got insider information.
Though my powers as dauphine
of Riverdale High aren't absolute yet,
I am CC'd on all school board e-mails,
and they're having a meeting tonight.
I think
to discuss shutting down the school.
And, Veronica,
your parents are leading the charge.
Of course they are.
It's exactly what my dad did
with Southside High.
And he definitely
had ulterior motives then.
Oh, my God.
[school bell ringing]
And now Riverdale High
is officially a hot zone?
[all shouting]
-That's one of the infected.
-Run.
Drugs, gargoyles,
mystery men in hazmat suits,
and secret school board meetings?
How does it tie together?
Not sure. But I got some suss for you.
According to my sources,
the Fizzle Rocks distributors,
aka the Gargoyles,
are giving their product out
to people for free.
I've seen enough episodes of Narcos
to know this scheme.
Hook them with the first taste,
then they're customers for life.
Daddy's always playing the long game.
For sure. And here's the kicker.
Fizzle Rocks are coming
from the South Side,
right out of the prison
your dad's been building.
Must be
where he moved his candy factory to
after Cheryl, Toni, and I
busted his lab at the Whyte Wyrm.
-Hmm.
-Speaking of Cheryl...
Cheryl.
What time is that school board meeting?
And where?
No child should step foot
through these doors
until we have figured out what is going on
in this toxic petri dish of contagion.
We're taking as many precautions
as we can, Ms. Blossom.
What we should be doing
is tracking down patient zero
and running every test
in Western medicine on them.
Tonight's discussion is regarding the fate
of Riverdale High.
Can we please stay on topic?
To Ms. Blossom's point,
my wife and I are in full agreement.
Most parents are. I mean,
five more kids experienced seizures,
just this afternoon.
Isn't that right, Waldo?
-Yeah.
-Which is why tonight,
as mayor, I am signing an executive order
shutting down Riverdale High,
at least until it's deemed safe.
Stop it right there.
-CDC hasn't set foot in Riverdale High.
-Fact.
Now my parents are bullying you all
into closing it.
Sounds exactly like what you did
with Southside High,
which you now use as a drug factory.
I thought Southside High property
was being developed into a prison.
That's just his cover, Ms. Cooper.
Is that your plan here, too, Daddy?
Trump up a way to get another huge parcel
of land on the cheap,
then expand your ever-growing drug empire,
which now consists
almost exclusively of Fizzle Rocks?
Veronica, what are you even talking about?
That's okay, mi amor.
There's a reason for this meeting, right?
To air our concerns.
We called the CDC.
They wouldn't send anyone
to investigate such a low-priority crisis.
They think it's all psychological.
So, we took some initiative.
The men you saw in hazmat gear,
they were hired from a private firm
to run exhaustive tests.
And Southside High is becoming a prison,
not a drug factory.
If you'd like the name
of the guards we recently hired,
I'd happily provide a list.
Have I left anything out?
Yes, you have.
The part about how you're
producing Fizzle Rocks
and giving it away for free,
to get every teenager in Riverdale hooked.
And I suppose I'm also the Gargoyle King.
As Jughead Jones accused me of being.
Poor, deluded girl.
I hear tell that
these seizures cause hallucinations,
and...
isn't this child one of the afflicted?
On that note, where are the cheerleaders?
I speak for the disappeared Vixens.
What of them?
-Where were they taken, and by whom?
-Those girls went to Riverdale General.
They're receiving
the best medical care possible.
And being dissected like fetal pigs,
no doubt.
You messed with my squad,
you messed with me.
Now I demand real answers.
What?
What, you viper?
[gasping]
[Gladys] Hiram Lodge, huh?
That good-looking short stack
was always trouble.
But why go after Archie?
Archie stood up to him, defied him.
Not to mention, I also date--
Dated his daughter.
[groans, then chuckles]
Dated? As in, no longer dating?
-As in single?
-Relax, Jellybean.
It's JB now, Kid Kerouac.
-[scoffs]
-[Gladys] Archie...
have you spoken to your dad through this?
I wish. I wish I could...
see him...
tell him how I am, but it's too risky.
He'd drag me home by the collar.
Riverdale's not where I need to be.
-Pig's ready.
-[Gladys] All right, you heard the guy.
Archie, go get yourself a hot meal.
Cheek's the best part.
[boy] Go ahead and light it up.
Get it while it's hot.
All right, so...
tell me about this game thing,
that you and Archie are mixed up in.
Gryphons and Gargoyles.
How involved with this are you?
It's more than a game.
It has larger implications for Riverdale.
I'm trying to crack it, get underneath it,
figure out who's behind all of this.
Well, Hiram, it sounds like.
Is he who gave you
that nasty scar on your arm?
-You saw that, huh?
-Yeah, it's bad.
No, that was a...
gift from a former Serpent.
Under Hiram's employ.
-Penny Peabody.
-Penny?
That wench? She always had a beef
about your father and I.
Now she does this? Cuts up my son?
You know,
I never wanted this for you, kid.
I mean, you're a Serpent King?
I never wanted you in the damn gang.
Don't...
act all high and mighty.
I saw that kid with the stereos earlier.
You claim to have left Riverdale
to get away from Serpent life,
and here you are,
chopping cars, lifting their parts.
-God knows what else.
-Hey.
So what?
We jack a couple stereos here and there,
and we steal some hubcaps.
I am feeding and taking care
of all these kids
who have nowhere else to go.
Am I supposed to leave them high and dry?
That's what you did to me.
[sighs]
Come on, let's get something to eat,
before there's nothing left.
Surprised to see me, Red?
There's a bounty on your head,
and you left more breadcrumbs coming here
than a chubby kid in a fairytale.
All right, keep quiet,
I'll give you the luxury
of an open casket.
[Jellybean] Not if I put you in one first.
Drop the butter knife, bitch.
Careful, kid, you might poke your eye out.
You know, Penny, I'm not shocked
that a bottom-feeder like you
is working with Hiram Lodge.
I mean,
you always had unfixed allegiances.
[chuckles] That's rich.
Coming from Gladys Jones.
Yeah, well...
I am surprised that you're
not ratting him out right now.
He must have something real good on you,
Penny Slot.
I'm no snitch.
But I will say this.
Hiram won't stop.
Not till he gets what he wants.
And right now that's Red.
And there's nothing that you,
or your little Lord of the Flies crew,
or Jughead here can do.
Hiram won't stop.
Speaking of my Jug,
I saw the work that you did on him.
You carved him up like a Sunday roast.
-That was business between me and him.
-Yeah, well, I'm his mama.
So, it's between me and you now.
All right, everyone.
Go inside.
Me and Penny are
gonna have us a little girl talk.
Ask her about G&G.
How Hiram fits into it all.
Roger that.
I wanted to commend you.
The gusto you showed in that meeting.
That was audacious.
-Congratulations.
-On what?
On being right.
About all of it.
Well, at least most of it.
It's so much bigger
than you're giving me credit for.
This plan, what's coming next,
it's practically... biblical.
-Years in the making.
-What is it?
[chuckles]
-What do you really want, Daddy?
-What every king wants.
A kingdom.
And a legacy.
You know, once things are in place,
I'm hoping you'll join me.
Take a seat at my right hand,
help oversee the new order.
You're deluded, Daddy.
Also, you're not untouchable.
Maybe in Riverdale you are.
Because your wife's mayor,
and there's no sheriff.
But there's a whole wide world out there.
They'll see what you're doing.
Yeah, I'm not too concerned about that.
It's been a while
since I've seen you in pearls.
Maybe you'll start wearing them again.
Hey.
-What happened with Penny?
-Just...
give me a second, Jug, okay?
Let me think. I just need to think.
-She talk about the game?
-Jug, come on.
We know she was tracking Archie for Hiram.
Was it a quest from her master?
Is Hiram more than the Man in Black?
Is he the Gargoyle King?
You are so caught up in this damn game,
you can't see three feet in front of you.
The big prize isn't Archie's head,
it is Riverdale, Jug.
If you had your wits about you,
you would realize that Hiram
chased you out of town
to get you off the chess board.
So you were far from Riverdale
when he made his big play.
It's not about ascending to the kingdom.
It's about claiming the kingdom.
And if Hiram is the Gargoyle King,
then he's responsible
for reintroducing G&G to Riverdale,
-and the deaths of those kids--
-Mrs. J, what do we do?
I'm trying to figure that out.
Are we okay here?
-I mean, is Archie even safe?
-Yeah.
Of course he is.
[phone ringing]
-Hello?
-[Betty] Vee?
It's Betty.
It's so good to hear your voice.
-Girl, where are you?
-It's a long story.
-But I'm at the Sisters of Quiet Mercy.
-What?
-We thought you were at the Farm.
-Veronica?
There's not much time.
You need to listen to me very carefully.
-[Cheryl] Your text said you had news?
-Betty called.
-She's at the Sisters of Quiet Mercy.
-What?
The hellmouth of Riverdale.
We have to break her out.
Betty's working on that.
You and I have another mission.
-[sighs]
-According to Bee,
my father tests Fizzle Rocks on patients
at the Sisters of Quiet Mercy.
Moreover,
she saw your Uncle Claudius with him,
using Blossom Maple trucks
to deliver the drugs.
Shades of the Legion of Doom.
They're planning something big, Cheryl.
My father likened it to the apocalypse.
For all we know,
my father may somehow be responsible
for the seizures.
But he wouldn't be any more specific.
So, maybe we could ask your mom,
since she's in cahoots with him.
With pleasure, Veronica.
My Vixens have fallen.
My Tee-Tee has fallen.
If my gorgon-like mother has any knowledge
of how or why that's happening,
we'll get it out of her.
Hi, Sister? Sorry, I was wondering
if I could get some more Fizzle Rocks.
Don't scream, Sister.
-Oh, sorry.
-You're coming with me.
It's time we pay a little visit
to your king.
Shh. It's just me. Get up.
I didn't wanna talk
in front of Archie and the others.
As it turns out,
Peabody had a lot to say.
The bounty on your pal Archie,
it's not just on him.
It's on anyone who was with him,
or is helping him.
Which means there is a target
on your back now, too, Jughead.
Same if he goes back to Riverdale.
Archie's dad, Archie's friends.
Everyone is at risk,
which is why you gotta cut him loose.
I'm not just going to ditch Archie, Mom.
He's my best friend.
Your mom's right, Jug.
You got me this far.
More than anyone else would do.
You can go home.
What are you saying?
You can't go out there alone.
Jug, Hiram almost killed us at that farm.
Penny tracked us here to your mom's.
I put her in danger, Jellybean in danger.
I can't keep doing that.
Wherever I go next...
-has to be alone.
-Archie--
Jug.
[Gladys] All right.
So, it's decided.
We'll get you a ride to the border,
I know a guy who'll help.
Jughead, you can stay here
as long as you want.
No, I need to go home.
Hiram Lodge needs to get taken down.
It's only gonna happen from the inside.
[Woodhouse] You sinful girls.
I will strap you to your beds,
and electroshock the sin out of you.
Sister...
monsters don't scare me,
and neither do you.
I've seen real darkness,
stared it right in the face.
That's why you couldn't break me.
I know the scam that you're running.
I saw you with Hiram Lodge.
You're testing his drugs out on patients.
Why?
-Mr. Lodge is a generous donor.
-Oh.
-A believer in our mission.
-By "mission," you mean...?
Using the game,
and the Gargoyle King, to scare girls?
Torture children?
The children
who come through our doors are broken.
It's our sacred mission to fix them,
using whatever tools necessary.
Does that mean that the Sisters created
Gryphons and Gargoyles?
As a tool?
Misbehaving children have been brought
down to this room since the asylum opened.
That statue scared them into submission.
Some of them, the more disturbed ones,
created a fantasy realm, a game.
To cope with the fear
of the one they named...
the Gargoyle King.
We embraced it as a therapeutic tool.
And it worked,
because it embeds itself
in the minds of the players.
It makes them complacent, focuses them.
If that's true,
then how did the game get out
into the world?
-Did you give it to Hiram?
-It was never meant to leave these walls.
It's too powerful.
A game born of madness.
A madness you helped nurture.
Now people like Ben and Dilton are dead.
You're gonna pay for everything
that you've done, Sister.
And you're gonna tell the authorities
what you've told us about the game,
and about Hiram's donations.
I only answer to one authority, Betty.
[Betty] Come on, Ethel. We have her keys.
We're leaving.
-We're taking your children with us.
-They won't wanna leave.
We'll see about that.
[Woodhouse] Help!
Help!
I'm in the basement!
[gasping]
Let's do this again.
What does my father have planned
for Riverdale?
Speak, or it gets the syrup again.
[panting]
Fine, you wanna know...
your father's plans?
He's finally gonna turn this backwater
into something worthwhile.
A place where we can all pursue
our various enterprises...
-unmolested.
-What does that mean?
She's talking about drug dealing
and prostitution.
Aren't you? You ghoul-lunatic.
We need specifics.
How exactly is my father planning
on turning Riverdale into Vice City?
Well, he's in bed with the mayor,
isn't he?
And as for law enforcement,
well, the last time I checked,
Riverdale didn't have much of a sheriff.
[chuckles]
Details, or so help me God,
I will drown you in this cheap crap.
And open the garden doors
to let the ants in.
[gasps]
[Penelope] All right, I'll tell you.
What do you mean,
you don't want to escape?
I feel safe here.
We play G&G, the Sisters give us candy,
keep us warm and clean.
Why would we wanna leave?
Sister Woodhouse was right.
They're all brainwashed, just like I was.
Well, we can't just leave them behind.
Not to mention all those kids
in the gay conversion wing,
where Cheryl was.
There has to be something we can do.
Wait, the game.
The game is how they cope with terror,
right?
So, let's convince them to escape
by turning it into a quest.
The Gargoyle King inspires fear.
So, let's give them hope.
Give them the opposite
of the Gargoyle King,
-which is--
-The Gryphon Queen.
All right.
Well, I packed you guys some lunches
for the road.
[knocking on door]
Jug, mind getting that?
It's probably Archie's ride.
Dad.
I missed you so much, Dad.
Me, too, son.
So, you finally made it, huh?
Jughead's getting his bag.
He'll be out in a minute.
Hey, Jellybelly.
She's gotten so big.
Can I get a hug?
-Can I get a dad?
-Hey, JB.
-Come on, now.
-Let her be. I deserve that.
She misses you.
-[chuckles]
-She'd just rather fight than admit it.
Yeah, like mother, like daughter.
[Jughead] Dad?
I see Mom called you.
Thought you might be missing this.
I heard Penny was here causing trouble.
No problem at all.
We don't have
to worry much about Penny anymore.
Come here, kid.
I'm gonna miss you.
Go, uh-- Go warm up the bikes,
will you, Jug?
Thank you, Gladys, for the call.
I'll make sure he gets home safe.
Get out of here.
[Veronica] Kevin, cadets.
This meal's on the house.
But you brutes are helping us.
We need backup right the hell now.
What's going on?
On your feet, soldier boys.
We're going to war.
Paladins and Hellcasters,
Healers and Deadeyes,
your Game Master has a new adventure
for you.
Your goal is to escape...
from the Gargoyle King's fortress.
But we can't.
If he catches us, we'll be punished.
Yes, severely.
But there is hope.
A queen to lead you into the light.
Hark, there she be.
Follow me,
your Gryphon Queen,
away from this fortress
and back to the Kingdom of Eldervair.
But what about the King?
The King...
is dead.
You are all free.
-[all shouting]
-[Ethel] Shh, shh, shh.
We can't wake the King's demon soldiers.
I have the enchanted keys.
Meet me at the doors to freedom.
Here you go.
It's the, uh, last stop before the border.
-Yeah.
-You know, I was thinking, you know,
I could go with you,
we could do this together.
Find a cabin in the woods?
Yeah, teach you carpentry,
like my old man did me.
Imagine that.
Us,
living off the land, father and son.
Hunting, fishing.
It'd be great.
Yeah, it would be.
But, uh...
you know we can't do that.
Right, Dad?
I can't change your mind?
Get you to come back home?
But you can give me your blessing.
I was your age when my father died.
I never said goodbye--
This isn't goodbye, Dad.
You're damn right it's not.
See you soon?
Yeah.
You will.
Oh, uh... One more thing.
Vegas.
[Vegas whimpering]
Mom. Stop.
You heard the woman. Halt.
Veronica, what is this?
Consider it a coup de moi.
We know your endgame.
And you are hereby relieved
of your mayoral duties.
Those plans you and your husband have
with my dolly-mop mother are now canceled.
Now step away from the phone,
before you make the biggest mistake
of your life.
Veronica...
you can't just walk in here and depose me.
I'm an elected official.
Besides...
you're too late.
The order went out ten minutes ago.
I was about to call and tell you.
[cell phones beeping]
[sirens wailing nearby]
It's starting.
Betty, what are we gonna do
with all these kids?
They have nowhere to go.
We'll help them, Ethel. All of them.
-Mom?
-Betty.
Why are you wearing that outfit?
What's going on?
-Why are you here?
-[Alice] Hell is breaking loose.
I came to get you out of the Sisters.
Well, you're just in time,
but it's not just gonna be me.
[sirens wailing nearby]
[Jughead] And just like that,
in a few frantic moments,
the town we'd known all our lives
was once again changed,
but this time, irrevocably.
It was time for us
to brace for a terrible impact.
And while Archie Andrews headed away
from the doomed town of Riverdale,
we raced towards it.
For that night was the fruition of a game
that had been planned for
and played across the years.
-The hell is this?
-Town's under quarantine.
Governor's orders. No one in or out.
Turn around, go.
No, no, we live here.
-Not anymore. Turn around. Now.
-[guns cocking]
[Dooley, over phone] Well, Hiram,
you got what you wanted.
The town's quarantined.
I'll do what I can
to keep the outside world at bay.
Riverdale thanks you, Governor Dooley.
-You did the right thing.
-I pray that's true.
And may God have mercy on our souls.
Not God, Governor.
The King.